bowling alley isn't a place you'd
usually expect to find Nikki Spragg
Lin's family who bought the deli in 1991
were pretty much all non-believers in
ghostly phenomena until strange things
begin back footsteps shadows building
was locked and no one was there still
Nikki wasn't convinced it wasn't all in
her head till she saw someone standing
at her counter I could catch him out of
the corner of my eye and then when I
looked there was no one there although
other members of the family and even
some customers similar experiences
Nikki's brother Roger Ward with the last
I have a gun shop and you can hear a lot
of stuff that's going on out here during
the day I heard like pins fault
oil a ball hitting the lane and rolling
because it's a distinctive sound I mean
you know what a ball hitting the lane
sounds like and you know what all the
pins were still standing the balls on
the ball return that's weird and that's
happened terrible now the building
contains a game room an office a gun
shop and a workshop but most of the
phenomena seems to be coming from right
here in the bowling alley
the catwalks on each side of the bowling
lanes seem to be a favorite gathering
place and you would hear somebody
walking you know several times the
unexplainable continued and I saw
somebody walking into the kitchen if
indeed there are spirits here of a
Highland Lanes bowling alley they seem
to be of a friendly sort some people say
maybe it's people that love bowling and
I couldn't leave the place I don't know
I guess if you believe in spirits and
stuff I guess they come to have fun free
from life into the afterlife until next
time from checks